Role Description & Qualifications

At least 4-5 years of experience in Cloud technologies-AWS & GCP development & Production along with DevOps.
Experience in implementing DevOps practices and DevOps-tools in areas like CI/CD using Jenkins environment automation, and release automation, virtualization, infra as a code (Terraform / CloudFormation) and metrics tracking.
Demonstrated experience deploying IAC (Infrastructure as code)
Hands on experience in DevOps tools configuration in different environments.
Strong knowledge of working with DevOps design patterns, processes and best practices
Hand-on experience in Setting up Build pipelines.
Prior working experience in system administration or architecture in Windows or Linux.
Must have experience in GIT (BitBucket, GitHub, GitLab)
Hands-on experience on Jenkins pipeline scripting.
Hands-on knowledge in one scripting language ( Python, Shell or PowerShell)
Deploying, automating, maintaining and managing AWS cloud based production systems including monitoring capacity. Experience with Python programming is a plus.
Good to have experience in migrating code repositories from one source control to another.
Kafka experience is beneficial.
Advanced Monitoring and Observability:
Set up advanced monitoring and observability solutions using Google/AWS Cloud Monitoring, Stackdriver, Prometheus, Grafana, or similar tools.
Collaborate closely with development, operations, and business teams to understand requirements, drive alignment, and deliver successful outcomes.
Hands-on experience in Docker container and orchestration based deployments like Kubernetes, Service Fabric, Docker swarm.
Must have good communication skills and problem solving skills



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Description:

Bachelors degree with 4 or more years experience in the IT industry and a relevant experience of 2-3 years in Container orchestration automation

Administration of Open Source Kubernetes Clusters, EKS / GKE / OKE / OpenShift

Strong experience in managing Kubernetes platform at an enterprise level

Experience in building and remediating container images across CloudNative K8s, EKS or openshift-must have and good to have

Exposure to different components of a container platform like, Logging, Monitoring, Security and SRE practices -must have a basic exposure- Grafana , Prometheus-

Excellent- Kubernetesadministration debugging skills and a flair to work with application teams-Deployment ,Core components debugging

Ability to automate the manual touch points in the platform with Ansible playbooks, CI/CD tools and process ( Jenkins, JIRA, GitLab), Python, Groovy, Shell Scripts or any other scripting technologies as and when required good to have

Experience in migrating legacy applications to the cloud (AWS, OCI or GCP)- good to have any one

Sound knowledge in cloud native tools(CNI, OPA, FLUX)- good to have

Experience in container security scanning products- good to have

AWS and CKA certifications are desired- good to have

Strong knowledge in DevOps tools and processes- good to have

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Minimum 3-6 years of experience in Build/Release and infrastructure management
Knowledge on SDLC, Agile and DevOps methodologies
Experience in UNIX/Linux, and Windows Administration
Experience in configuring and handling the secure CI/CD pipelines
Good hands on on the CI/CD tools like SVN, Git, Gitlab, Jenkins, GoCD, MS Team Foundation Server, JFrog, Nexus etc
Able to automate the manual tasks using any one of the programming lanuages like Bash, PowerShell, Golang, Java, JavaScript, Perl, Python, Ruby on Rails.
Able to integrate the security tools in the CI/CD pipeline (SonarQube, OWASP etc)
Experience in any one of the configuration management tools like Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Salt
Experience in Private/Public clouds like Vcenter, AWS, Azure, GCP
Good knowledge on Containerization technology like Docker.
Good knowledge on monitoring tools like Zabbix, Nagios etc
Very good Troubleshooting & Analytical skills
Must have excellent communication skills
Flexible to work on shifts.
External Title on Posting DevOps Engineer 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Proven hands-on experience in installing, configuring, operating, and monitoring CI/CD pipeline tools such as Jenkins, Docker, Terraform, Ansible, or other CI/CD technologies
3+ years of experience with Kubernetes, Docker, and cloud deployment technologies
Strong knowledge of Linux Operating systems and scripting tools such as Python, bash
Terraform Infrastructure as Code experience
Experience operating services in one of the major Clouds such as OCI, AWS, Azure, etc.
Responsibilities:

Take active part in development and migration of several applications into DevOps cloud-based environment.
Provide technical guidance to application team to take advantage of cloud technologies and implement cloud infrastructure
Implement migration efforts with application teams, including data migration.
Qualifications:

3+ years of relevant experience
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field
Experience designing and building application in OCI (or similar cloud platforms e.g., AWS, Azure)
Experience with CI/CD frameworks (i.e. Jenkins, Docker, Ansible)
Experience with containerization and orchestration technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
Strong scripting and automation skills using Python, Shell, or similar.
Knowledge of infrastructure as code (IaC) tools like Terraform.
Experience with monitoring and logging tools
Previous experience migrating applications from on-prem to cloud infrastructure (OCI preferred)
Experience with Oracle databases (ATP, SQL)
Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
Excellent communication and collaboration abilities.


-------------------------------------

- DevOps Engineer having 4+ years of experience with solid knowledge on DevOps Practices & CI/CD- Good Knowledge & Hands-On Experience on Kubernetes, Docker, and Container Registries.- Knowledge and experience on Azure Kubernetes Services, Azure Container Registries is preferred- Strong knowledge and experience on Azure PaaS and IaaS services such as Azure Storage account, Azure File Shares, Azure Virtual machines management and deployment.- Experience and good knowledge on Jenkins with demonstrated skills in creating CI/CD pipelines is a must- Knowledge on YML with ability to create Docker Files for different environments and resources.- Hands-On Experience on working with Private Networks, VPN and configuring Application proxies and load balancers for AKS and other Azure Services- Fundamental knowledge on Microservices and Elastic Search is desired but not mandatory.

------------------------------------

Collaborate with our architecture, infrastructure and core CRM development teams to automate operations for the development teams
Provide emergency incident response and investigation
Deliver self-service tools for activities such as provisioning test environments
Configure dashboards and advise development teams on application instrumentation needs to support monitoring and capacity planning needs
Develop build pipelines and release management/continuous integration plans with tools such as Jenkins and Docker
Troubleshoot failed builds, collaborating with the appropriate development team when needed
Ensure the availability and recoverability of applications
Orchestrate applications (We use Nomad and Kubernetes)
Write code to automate the provisioning of new infrastructure (we use terraform and ansible)
Willingness to research and implement continuous improvements to processes and technologies user

5+ years experience in a Dev-Ops or SRE role with AWS/ Azure
Linux experience (CentOS). Windows server administration experience a plus.
Some development experience with a high level language, preferably C# or Python.
Strong understanding of infrastructure-level resources (networking, storage, I/O, compute) is necessary.
Experience with modern application deployment models, such as blue/green and canary, is a must.
Hands on AWS experience - other cloud providers a plus.
Experience with Hashicorp products(nomad, vault, terraform, consul, and packer).
Kubernetes (K8s) a plus.
Hands on experience working with Git (we use stash).
Hands on experience with Jenkins and/or Gitlab.
Working knowledge of Docker and containers.
Elastic Search management is a plus.

-------------------------------------

Azure Kubernetes Services,Azure Container Registries
Jenkins CI / CD
Azure PaaS, IaaS services such as Azure Storage account, Azure File Shares, Azure Virtual machines management.VPN configuring Application proxies for AKS and other Azure Services

Required Candidate profile

Knowledge on YML with Docker Files for different environments and resources
Experience on working with Private Networks, VPN configuring Application proxies for AKS other Azure Services

------------------------------------

DevOps Engineer having 4+ years of experience with solid knowledge on DevOps Practices & CI/CD
Good Knowledge & Hands-On Experience on Kubernetes, Docker, and Container Registries.
Knowledge and experience on Azure Kubernetes Services, Azure Container Registries is preferred
Strong knowledge and experience on Azure PaaS and IaaS services such as Azure Storage account, Azure File Shares, Azure Virtual machines management and deployment.
Experience and good knowledge on Jenkins with demonstrated skills in creating CI/CD pipelines is a must
Knowledge on YML with ability to create Docker Files for different environments and resources.
Hands-On Experience on working with Private Networks, VPN and configuring Application proxies and load balancers for AKS and other Azure Services
Fundamental knowledge on Microservices and Elastic Search is desired but not mandatory.

-------------------------------------

Analyzing platform requirements to ensure a compliant and secure infrastructure in the Azure cloud

- Ensuring interoperability between latest Azure products and existing components

- Designing software modules for automatic testing and continuous deployments

- Delivering realistic effort estimations as input for our platform roadmap

- Writing behavioral tests and unit tests with Gherkin

- Hands-on programming with PowerShell, Terraform and ARM Templates

- Building CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps

- Documenting and reviewing operating manuals for the first-level support

- Analyzing and solving incidents in productive environment while avoiding data loss and minimizing service outages

- Challenging current practices giving feedback to colleagues and encouraging software development best-practices to build the best solution for our users


Required Knowledge & Skills:

- Prior experience with at least one of the following topics like: Azure

- Infrastructure-as-code development (PowerShell, Terraform and ARM Templates)

- Advanced knowledge in DevOps, Continuous Deployment and testing techniques

- Familiar with networking and security concepts (VNet, Subnet, NSG, Load balance etc.)

- Knowledge of software development practices like Scrum and Test-Driven Development.

--------------------------------

Position summary: A Senior DevOps Engineer will be responsible for building, configuring, monitoring, and troubleshooting cloud native applications on Azure Cloud Platform. All customer-facing and internal cloud platform elements will be required to be monitored to maintain service levels in line with customer SLAs and KPI’s.

You will be responsible for:

Adapting to existing cloud infrastructure and proposing alternatives where required
Understand requirements, processes & strategize scaling applications to support new launches
Identifying and addressing risks to applications while maintaining application health
Coordinating with Technical Teams to identify and handle root cause of issues on cloud
Proposing cost saving and optimization measures for applications deployed on cloud platforms
Building Docker images, creating Kubernetes manifest files and Helm Charts
Platform monitoring, troubleshooting and resolution of issues on Azure (L2 support)
Adherence to process compliance & ensuring platform reliability
Competencies: The position must have the following competencies:

Strong Hands-on experience on Azure Platform & Azure DevOps (VSTS)
Source Code Management (Git & GitHub)
Expertise in Containerization using Docker & orchestration using Kubernetes
Good experience using automation tools like Azure ARM templates & PowerShell
Monitoring tools such as Prometheus, Loki, Grafana
Strong knowledge in Linux Shell scripting and Linux OS commands
Helm Package Manager and Helm charts
Good understanding of Azure CLI, networking and Security
Good knowledge on Azure PaaS components and customization
Team Player with understanding of Agile development processes
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills

What you should have?

B.E/B.Tech/M.E/M.Tech/MCA (IT, CSE, ECE) with Good Communication Skills
3 - 6 year of experience in Cloud and DevOps, preferably Microsoft Azure
Experience in setting up build and deployment pipelines (Azure DevOps)
Experience in K8s, AKS, Docker and Helm, ARM templates
Strong Knowledge on Git, Linux OS, shell scripting & PowerShell
Prior working experience on monitoring tools like Prometheus, Grafana, Loki and Promtail will be added advantage
Strong understanding of IaaS, PaaS and SaaS cloud models.
Azure Certified professionals are preferred

---------------------------------